# Software updater for JaMoin Desktop Software productsSimple updater to keep your client software up to date. It is used in more than 10 products published by [JaMoin GmbH](https://www.jamoin.com)## Application-Flow1. Updater reads currently installed App version from registry2. Updater reads available version from version.txt file on server3. If the current version is older, the user will be ask to install the update (forced-update-option available)4. If user accepts, the updater loads .msi file to c:\temp dir and executes it.## Preparations### Server-SideYou need to provide access to server.  A folder on this server has to contain a changelog.htm file in which you can provide information about the updates.  Also provide a version.txt file which provides the number of the newest version and the number of the version which should be minimum installed.  _Example:_  2.3.1  minversion = 2.0.0Next to the version and changelog file, put the Windows installer (MSI).### Application-SideThe Ja.Updater library needs some settings which you can provide via the config file in your application.  - _BC.Updater.Url_: URL to directory with version.txt, changelog.htm and MSI files- _BC.Updater.FileName_: Filename of the MSI installer (without version)- _BC.Updater.ProductName_: Productname to be shown in Updater Window- _BC.Updater.VersionRegistryLocation_: Registry Location of the installed application-version. Either the installer or the application needs to store it's version here. The Updater itself just reads the information- _BC.Updater.Background_: Location of Backgroundimage (in solution) to be used in the Updater Window